PROBLEM STATEMENT
There is a famous railway station in PopPush City. The country there is incredibly hilly. The station was built in the last century and unfortunately the funds were extremely limited at the time. It was possible to establish only a surface track. Moreover, it turned out that the station could be only a dead-end one and due to lack of space it could have only one track.
The local tradition is that every train arriving from the direction A continues in the direction B with coaches reorganised in some way. 
Assume that the train arriving from the direction A has N ≤ 1000 coaches numbered in increasing order 1, 2, …, N. The chief for train reorganisations must know whether it is possible to marshal coaches continuing in the direction B so that their order will be a1, a2, …, aN. Help him and write a program that decides whether it is possible to get the required order of coaches. 
You can assume that single coaches can be disconnected from the train before they enter the station and that they can move themselves until they are on the track in the direction B. You can also suppose that at any time there can be located as many coaches as necessary in the station. But once a coach has entered the station it cannot return to the track in the direction A and also once it has left the station in the direction B it cannot return back to the station.

INPUT
The input file consists of blocks of lines, each of which is a test case. Each block except the last describes one train and possibly more requirements for its reorganisation. In the first line of the block there is the integer N, which is the number of coaches in the train. In each of the next lines of the block there is a permutation of 1, 2, …, N . 
For example, 
if N is 5, and the permutation could be 5, 3, 2, 1, 4. Your program will take this permutation as input and determine whether you can marshal the coaches from track A an incoming order 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 to track B with an outgoing order 5, 3, 2, 1, 4 using the station, which can be treated as a stack. The last line of the block contains just 0.

OUTPUT
The output file contains the lines corresponding to the lines with permutations in the input file. 
A line of the output file contains "Yes" if it is possible to marshal the coaches in the order required on the corresponding line of the input file. Otherwise it contains "No". 
In addition, there are blank lines for other corresponding lines in the input file.
